<b>The Wire Season 1</b>
<b>David Simon</b><br>
Wow. What a show! This was my second time watching it; 
however, my initial playthrough was so long ago it 
doesn't bear significant influence on my thoughts. One 
way I viewed the show was as a analysis of 
organizational structures. The two dominant 
organizations, the Baltimore Police Department and the 
Barksdale Organization employ wildly different methods 
towards their accomplishment of opposing goals. BPD 
employs a (semi)-horizontal power structure 
reminiscent of America's ole faithful 'checks & 
balances'. While this encourages cooperation, it's 
shown time and again to hamper real policework. 
Especially as a focus on career development prevents 
police from doing good ole fashioned policework. On 
the other hand, Barksdale's operation utilizes a 
vertical power structure managed through fear and 
violence. While effective, it's ultimately a deck of 
cards. As the story progresses, Barksdale's crew 
relies on increasingly violent acts just to stay 
viable. Despite their precarious position, it feels 
like Simon ultimately lands on the side of Barksdale. 
The ending sequence intentionally hearkens to the 
beginning of the show, I think with the message that 
despite Baltimore's best efforts their work is 
ultimately impotent in the face of the drug trade. I 
am reminded of the saying "time is a circle."
