<b>Watchmen</b>
<b>Alan Moore, Dave Gibbons, & John Higgins</b><br>
This graphic novel has been on my list for a while, 
and the recent success of the TV adaptation was 
justification enough to finally dive in. In addition, 
I've been working through a WHALE of another book for 
a while so a comic was a welcome diversion.

One issue I've had with superhero stories for a long
time was that, by and large, heroes were fighting to
maintain the status quo. Despite the fact that the
status quo is something which clearly does NOT work
for a large majority of individuals. How often do the
Avengers use their power to feed the starving, or
eradicate suffering? While by and large, supervillains
do not garner significant sympathy; at least they're 
fighting for something different? I don't know if I 
communicated this idea clearly, but this FANTASTIC
work does an excellent job tackling this issue. The 
way the story and narrative structure is constructed
is a pure source of beauty. There are so many weird
diversions and subplots and obscure foreshadowings 
taking place in every panel. It can feel overwhelming
but once you get used to the style, I think it's so
engrossing. The wonderful artwork and coloring just
adds to this phenomena, and you're left with a 
masterpiece. It's really good. Like really, really
good. Oof it's so good.
