<b>The Powerbroker: Robert Moses and the Fall of New York</b>
<b>Robert A. Caro</b><br>
O boy. I love Caro and his writing with a burning 
passion. Lessons from the book: I have a newfound 
appreciation for the role of humility in individuals 
with power. I think Moses' tragic flaw, and what led 
to his fall from grace, can be attributed to his 
arrogance. I think I am leaning towards his conclusion 
that the purpose of life is the accomplishment of 
magnificent things, and for that I respect Moses. But 
is it possible to even accomplish things when one is 
not arrogant? Idk. I hope so. On the other hand, I 
feel like accomplishments breed arrogance; I would 
love to believe it's possible to humbly approach and 
achieve things. On another note, cars should be 
banned. Public transit + walking + biking + trains 
should be the dominant mode of transportation for the 
vast majority of people. Roads are stupid and highways 
are figuratively demonic. Public authorities are also 
so freaking cool. The last thing I want to discuss is 
the death of the romantic. I think this comes back to 
the idea of humility, but the pragmatic realist and 
the dreamy romantic should both hold a dear place in 
everyone's hearts. But does the builder need to 
prioritize one at the expense of the other? I think 
this also closely models the battle between LBJ and 
Coke Stevenson. Something to chew on.
