<b>Gogol Bordello</b>
<b>2010</b><br>
This Tiny Desk starts with Bob Boilen announcing "I 
like a band, when you say 'Do you need any water?' And 
they say, 'No. We brought our own.'" When I first saw 
this, I thought it was water, but NOW I'm FAIRLY sure 
it's actually vodka, which is just SO cool and 
honestly sums up the aesthetic of this entire Tiny 
Desk. And if that wasn't cool enough, then the lead 
singer comes on and says 'It's transcontinental hustle 
time.' Which is like what? Everything about their 
performance is peak gypsy band energy, and I really 
want to see them live. (1) Pale Tute, (2) My 
Cumpenara, (3) Alcohol, (4) Start Wearing Purple. I 
mean it's all good. There's a moment when Bob asks 
them if this is a tough crowd, and the lead singer 
responds that this, "crowd is impossible." And at 
first that broke my heart, but then they start playing 
Pale Tute and they get on the desk AND play an 
additional song. Was the crowd actually tough? Did 
they fall whim to the beauty of Pale Tute?? I have no 
fucking clue. All I know is that this band is so cool 
and I wanna be friends with them.
