<b>Watchmen Season 1</b>
<b>Damon Lindelof</b><br>
Oooooh. I was apprehensive about this show at first. I 
thought it was going to attempt to recreate the plot 
of the original comic, and was pleasantly surprised 
when that did not turn out to be the case. This is a 
wonderful homage to the original work, and expands 
upon it in so many wonderful ways. In particular, the 
approach to Hooded Justice and Manhattan was just HMMM 
GOOD SHIT. Alright, negatives. I think what attracted 
me to the original comic was this idea of our 
responsibility to each other. This manifests very 
clearly in the actions and comparisons between Dr. 
Manhattan and Ozymandius. This show does tackle this 
question, but I don't think it gives the idea enough 
room to fully breathe. In general, the pacing towards 
the end did feel rushed, but honestly in the face of 
the rest of the show I don't think it's a significant 
issue. I also think the additional theme of racial 
justice and equity is woven into the story brilliantly 
(esp. since it was so noticably lacking from the 
comic). The show is quite excellent, and now I really 
want Damon Lindelof and Noah Hawley to collaborate. 
Also, this is stupid but I haven't seen anybody 
mention this: the 'God Walks into A Bar' episode name 
is a pun on Angela Abar's name and that just blows my 
mind. Did they specifically name her character that 
just for that joke? On that note, Regina King does 
such an AMAZING job with the character. I can't 
imagine what a second season would look like, but I 
trust everybody involved with the show to only do it 
if they can do it well.
